FFWEB-1576 `disable-input-fields` documentation update (#245)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/api/ff-asn.api.md

### Properties
| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |

> | **disable-input-fields**&nbsp;(String) **Options**:&nbsp;"true",&nbsp;"false" (default: "false") | If this attribute is set to false, the input fields accept values. If set to true, the fields are disabled by setting `disabled` attribute on them. Therefore they cannot be set focus on. |

Reviewer: There's quite a few occasions of `set`. Could you imagine something like this?
```suggestion
| **disable-input-fields**&nbsp;(String) **Options**:&nbsp;"true",&nbsp;"false" (default: "false") | If this attribute is set to false, the input fields accept values. If set to true, the fields are disabled by setting the `disabled` attribute on them. Then they cannot be focused. |
```

Author: "be focused" was my initial choice.
